citable (#49)
NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
1. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
1. Update the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) in accordance with the nature of your Pull Request.

> 1. The pull request should work for Python 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 and 3.8, and for PyPy. Check
>    https://travis-ci.com/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/cpp2wasm/pull_requests
>    and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Reviewer: That is a remnant of the cookiecutter it should be
```suggestion
1. The pull request should work for C++, emscripten, web browser, Python 3.6, 3.7 and 3.8. A continuous integration job will run tests for you. Check
   green check mark on https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm/pulls
   and make sure that the tests pass.
```

A reminder for the maintainers on how to create a new release.

1. Make sure all your changes are committed.
1. Verify that the authors list in [``CITATION.cff``](CITATION.cff) is up to date
    1. If needed generate updated Zenodo metadata using the [cffconvert web service](https://us-central1-cffconvert.cloudfunctions.net/cffconvert?url=https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm&outputformat=zenodo&ignore_suspect_keys), then use its result to update ``.zenodo.json``.
1. Create a GitHub release

> 1. Check and fix author list on Zenodo

Reviewer: Not longer needed
```suggestion
```

A reminder for the maintainers on how to create a new release.

1. Make sure all your changes are committed.

> 1. Verify that [``CHANGELOG.md``](CHANGELOG.md) has all the relevant changes. Visit [this link](https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm/compare/v0.1.0...master) to see the diff between a released version and ``master``.

Reviewer: I don't like the `v0.1.0`, this will give wrong results when not updated. And updating the version here will not happen. Can we instead describe how to get to the link
```suggestion
1. Verify that [``CHANGELOG.md``](CHANGELOG.md) has all the relevant changes. Visit [releases page](https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm/releases) and click on the `?? commits to master since this release` link in the latest release to see the diff between the latest release and ``master``.
```
